[[index]]

Wondrous Items
--------------

- Ezra's Book of Thought -
This book records every conversation of its owner,
regardless of the distance. If a new person takes
posession of the book without it being explicitly
lent to them by the original owner, all pages become
blank.

- Basket of Finding -
Basket that will sift objects according to any rules
described to it. And excellent tool for finding literal
needles in haystacks. It could be used to sort nearly
anything (for example, items worth more than 100GP),
however the imp bound to the basket can not read and
refuses to learn, so sorting by letters of any kind
will not work.

- Mirror of Capricious Deception -
Always reflects a slightly altered version of reality.
If someone spends time polishing it, they can whisper
a request and the mirror will display a single lie
of their choosing.

- Belmont's Music Box -
When wound and played, for 3 minutes supresses all 
sounds other than the plink-plink-plink of its own
music. the silencing effect is proportional to how 
well the music is heard. For example, if the music
is clear, all sounds other than the music are mute,
however if the music can only slightly be heard,
other sounds are only slightly muted.

- Toy Sword -
A prop sword that is obviously fake and not at all
threatening. Anyone struck with the blade will feel as
if and perceive that they have been stabbed by a real
weapon. Anyone watching can clearly see that the blade
is harmless and the person struck is wildly overreacting.

- Cage of Understanding -
A small domed birdcase with a door large enough to fit
a bird or other small animal. While in the cage the creature
gains a human-like intelligence and self awareness. This
is pretty uncomfortable for the creature, and while they
do not wish to be rude they would very much like
to get the hell out of here.

- Sand Timer -
A normal looking sand timer that lasts 10 minutes. When
the timer runs out, the person who set it will be thrust
back in time 10 minutes. Useful for trying actions with
uncertain outcomes. However, there is a 1 in 12 chance
that time will turn back 10 minutes WITHOUT the one who
set the timer, causing them to be removed from their
reality as if they never existed.

- Prison of Rest -
A blanket which traps any single creature who sleeps with
it in a fuzzy two-dimentional prison. While imprisoned
the creature perceieves time, but does now experience
hunger, thirst, or fatigue and is unable to rest. Giving
the blanket a heavy shake will cause the imprisoned creature
to come tumbling out.

- Pauper's Pocket Square -
A small dirty rag which causes the wearer and any items 
carried by them to appear to be worthless trash.

- Snowglobe -
A snow globe containing a small town. If rubbed, a single
creature can visit the town and take advantage of the goods
and services provided within. The townsfolk are fully aware
of their situation, as this globe acts as a purgatory and 
punishment for unspeakable crimes they committed in life. If
they can remain pleasant and good natured for 100 years they
will be reborn with another chance at life. If the snowglobe
is smashed, the town ceases to exist and all inhabitants'
souls inside (including any visitors) are permenantly trapped
in a state of hopeless agony for all eternity.


